Updating Rob Thomlinson's People profile (#1332)
SSWConsulting/SSW.People.Profiles: Rob-Thomlinson/Rob-Thomlinson.md

Rob excels in supporting small businesses or large enterprises. Known for his problem-solving abilities and commitment to continuous improvement, Rob is dedicated to delivering reliable and scalable IT solutions that drive business success.

**Industries**: Automotive, Mining, Agriculture, Retail, Manufacturing, Education, Healthcare, Finance, Legal

**Technologies**:
- Intune
- Vmware
- V-Sphere
- CW Automate
- Ansible
- Packer
- Terraform

**Key Skills and Achievements**:
- Device Managment: Experienced in workplace automation and modernization, leveraging Intune, Windows Autopilot, and RMM tools to automate common issues and achieving zero touch deployments, significantly reducing time and effort for businesses to manage.
- Cloud Virtualisation: Experienced in workplace automation and modernization for clients, leveraging Intune, Windows Autopilot, and RMM tools to streamline laptop and computer deployments, significantly reducing time and effort for businesses.

**Professional Development**:
- CW Automate Profesional & Expert Certifications
- ITIL 4 Foundations Certificate

> Rob is regularly updating his skills in cloud infrastructure, cybersecurity, IT operations and Dev ops through certifications and hands-on experience testing the lastest .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rob is regularly updating his skills in cloud infrastructure, cybersecurity, IT operations and DevOps through certifications and hands-on experience testing the lastest .
```
